README.md, before:

# Zephyr-python-api


![PyPI - Python Version](https://img.shields.io/pypi/pyversions/zephyr-python-api)
![PyPI](https://img.shields.io/pypi/v/zephyr-python-api)
![PyPI - License](https://img.shields.io/pypi/l/zephyr-python-api)
### Project description
This is a set of wrappers for Zephyr Scale (TM4J) REST API. This means you can interact with Zephyr Scale without GUI, access it with python code and create automation scripts for your every day interactions.

To be done:
* More usage examples
* Tests, tests and tests for gods of testing
* Convenient docs
* Implementing higher level wrappers representing Test Case, Test Cycle, etc.

### Installation

```
pip install zephyr-python-api
```

### Example usage

Zephyr Cloud auth:
```python
from zephyr import ZephyrScale

zscale = ZephyrScale(token=<your_token>)
```

Zephyr Server (TM4J) auth:
```python
from zephyr import ZephyrScale

# Auth can be made with Jira token
auth = {"token": "<your_jira_token>"}

# or with login and password (suggest using get_pass)
auth = {"username": "<your_login>", "password": "<your_password>"}

# or even session cookie dict
auth = {"cookies": "<session_cookie_dict>"}

zscale = ZephyrScale.server_api(base_url=<your_base_url>, **auth)
```

Then it is possible to interact with api wrappers:
```python
zapi = zscale.api

# Get all test cases
all_test_cases = zapi.test_cases.get_test_cases()

# Get a single test case by its id
test_case = zapi.test_cases.get_test_case("<test_case_id>")

# Create a test case
creation_result = zapi.test_cases.create_test_case("<project_key>", "test_case_name")
```

### Troubleshooting

For troubleshooting see [TROUBLESHOOTING.md](TROUBLESHOOTING.md)


### License

This library is licensed under the Apache 2.0 License.

### Links

[Zephyr Scale Cloud API docs](https://support.smartbear.com/zephyr-scale-cloud/api-docs/)

[Zephyr Scale Server API docs](https://support.smartbear.com/zephyr-scale-server/api-docs/v1/)

Commit message:

Docs: place troubleshooting section and examples into .md files in docs folder

README.md, after:

# Zephyr-python-api


![PyPI - Python Version](https://img.shields.io/pypi/pyversions/zephyr-python-api)
![PyPI](https://img.shields.io/pypi/v/zephyr-python-api)
![PyPI - License](https://img.shields.io/pypi/l/zephyr-python-api)
### Project description
This is a set of wrappers for Zephyr Scale (TM4J) REST API. 
This means you can interact with Zephyr Scale without GUI, access it with python code and create 
automation scripts for your every day interactions.

For more detailed information please see [the project's documentation](https://zephyr-python-api.readthedocs.io/en/main/index.html).

To be done:
* More usage examples
* Tests, tests and tests for gods of testing
* Convenient docs
* Implementing higher level wrappers representing Test Case, Test Cycle, etc.

### Installation

```
pip install zephyr-python-api
```

### Example usage

Zephyr Cloud auth:
```python
from zephyr import ZephyrScale

zscale = ZephyrScale(token="<your_token>")
```

Zephyr Server (TM4J) auth:
```python
from zephyr import ZephyrScale

# Auth can be made with Jira token
auth = {"token": "<your_jira_token>"}

# or with login and password (suggest using get_pass)
auth = {"username": "<your_login>", "password": "<your_password>"}

# or even session cookie dict
auth = {"cookies": "<session_cookie_dict>"}

zscale = ZephyrScale.server_api(base_url="<your_base_url>", **auth)
```

Then it is possible to interact with api wrappers:
```python
zapi = zscale.api

# Get all test cases
all_test_cases = zapi.test_cases.get_test_cases()

# Get a single test case by its id
test_case = zapi.test_cases.get_test_case("<test_case_id>")

# Create a test case
creation_result = zapi.test_cases.create_test_case("<project_key>", "test_case_name")
```

### License

This library is licensed under the Apache 2.0 License.

### Links

[Zephyr Scale Cloud API docs](https://support.smartbear.com/zephyr-scale-cloud/api-docs/)

[Zephyr Scale Server API docs](https://support.smartbear.com/zephyr-scale-server/api-docs/v1/)
